---
title: Reading in 2018
description: What David A. Kennedy read in 2018.
eleventyNavigation:
  key: Reading in 2018
  parent: Reading
permalink: /reading/2018/
---

A page detailing what I read in 2018. Any must-read recommendations will have a heart &hearts; next to them. That means I could see myself reading it again. Other books may be worth reading, but I may not get as much value out of rereads.

[Back to the reading index](/reading/).

1. _Radical Candor: Be a Kick-Ass Boss Without Losing Your Humanity_ by Kim Malone Scott
2. _Kettlebell - Simple & Sinister_ by Pavel Tsatsouline
3. _Inspired: How to Create Tech Products Customers Love_ by Marty Cagan
4. _Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen_ by Christopher McDougall
5. _What I Talk About When I Talk About Running_ by Haruki Murakami
6. _The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up: The Japanese Art of Decluttering and Organizing_ by Marie Kondō
7. &hearts; _Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World_ by Cal Newport
8. _Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln_ by Doris Kearns Goodwin
9. _Measure What Matters_ by John E. Doerr
10. _Start with Why: How Great Leaders Inspire Everyone to Take Action_ by Simon Sinek
11. _Extreme Ownership: How U.S. Navy SEALs Lead and Win_ by Jocko Willink
12. _The Road to Character_ by David Brooks
13. &hearts; _Silence: In the Age of Noise_ by Erling Kagge
14. _Principles: Life and Work_ by Ray Dalio
15. &hearts; _Essentialism: The Disciplined Pursuit of Less_ by Greg McKeown
16. _Make Time: How to Focus on What Matters Every Day_ by Jake Knapp and John Zeratsky
17. _Designing Your Life: How to Build a Well-Lived, Joyful Life_ by Bill Burnett and Dave Evans
18. _The Power of Moments: Why Certain Moments Have Extraordinary Impact_ by Chip Heath
19. _Allen & Mike's Really Cool Backpackin' Book: Traveling & Camping Skills for a Wilderness Environment_ by Allen O'Bannon and Mike Clelland
20. _How to Write Short: Word Craft for Fast Times_ by Roy Peter Clark
21. _The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change_ by Stephen R. Covey
22. _Leadership: In Turbulent Times_ by Doris Kearns Goodwin
