---
title: Reading in 2019
description: What David A. Kennedy read in 2019.
eleventyNavigation:
  key: Reading in 2019
  parent: Reading
permalink: /reading/2019/
---

A page detailing what I read in 2019. Any must-read recommendations will have a heart &hearts; next to them. That means I could see myself reading it again. Other books may be worth reading, but I may not get as much value out of rereads.

[Back to the reading index](/reading/).

1. _The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F\*ck: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life_ by Mark Manson
2. _Why We Sleep: Unlocking the Power of Sleep and Dreams_ by Matthew Walker
3. _Tao Te Ching_ by Lao Tzu
4. &hearts; _Atomic Habits: An Easy & Proven Way to Build Good Habits & Break Bad Ones_ by James Clear
5. _Dream Team: How Michael, Magic, Larry, Charles, and the Greatest Team of All Time Conquered the World and Changed the Game of Basketball Forever_ by Jack McCallum
6. _So You Want to Talk About Race_ by Ijeoma Oluo
7. _Digital Minimalism: Choosing a Focused Life in a Noisy World_ by Cal Newport
8. _Letters to a Young Poet_ by Rainer Maria Rilke
9. _It Doesn't Have to Be Crazy at Work_ by Jason Fried and David Heinemeier Hansson
10. _Mastery: The Keys to Success and Long-Term Fulfillment_ by George Leonard
11. _Think Like a Freak_ by Steven D. Levitt and Stephen J. Dubner
12. _Accessibility for Everyone_ by Laura Kalbag
13. _The Wright Brothers_ by David McCullough
14. _How to Be Well: The 6 Keys to a Happy and Healthy Life_ by Frank M D Lipman
15. _Originals: How Non-Conformists Move the World_ by Adam M. Grant
16. _How to Fight a Hydra: Face Your Fears, Pursue Your Ambitions, and Become the Hero You Are Destined to Be_ by Josh Kaufman
17. _A Short Guide to a Happy Life_ by Anna Quindlen
18. _The Courage to Be Disliked: The Japanese Phenomenon That Shows You How to Change Your Life and Achieve Real Happiness_ by Ichiro Kishimi
19. &hearts; _The Practicing Mind: Bringing Discipline and Focus into Your Life_ by Thomas M. Sterner
20. &hearts; _So Good They Can't Ignore You: Why Skills Trump Passion in the Quest for Work You Love_ by Cal Newport
21. _The Little Book of Talent: 52 Tips for Improving Your Skills_ by Daniel Coyle
22. &hearts; _Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living_ by Krista Tippett
23. _The Organized Mind: Thinking Straight in the Age of Information Overload_ by Daniel J. Levitin
24. _Show Your Work!: 10 Ways to Share Your Creativity and Get Discovered_ by Austin Kleon
25. _Discipline Equals Freedom: Field Manual_ by Jocko Willink
26. _The Making of a Manager: What to Do When Everyone Looks to You_ by Julie Zhuo
27. _Eat and Run: My Unlikely Journey to Ultramarathon Greatness_ by Scott Jurek with Steve Friedman
28. _Keep Going: 10 Ways to Stay Creative in Good Times and Bad_ by Austin Kleon
29. _The Art of the Good Life: Clear Thinking for Business and a Better Life_ by Rolf Dobelli
30. _Range: Why Generalists Triumph in a Specialized World_ by David Epstein
31. _When the Game Was Ours_ by Jackie MacMullan
32. _The Last Wish_ by Andrzej Sapkowski
33. _Sword of Destiny_ by Andrzej Sapkowski
34. _Blood of Elves_ by Andrzej Sapkowski
35. _The Time of Contempt_ by Andrzej Sapkowski
