---
title: My Habits for 2015
description: Laying out some goals for 2015.
featuredimg: true
img: ./_src/assets/img/uploads/concert-december-31-explosion-3867.jpg
imgalt: Fireworks.
date: 2015-01-03T20:57:55+00:00
permalink: /blog/2015/
tags:
  - Goals
  - Personal
---

I confess, I'm not good at keeping resolutions. I'm good at making them though as I did in [2011](/blog/new-year-new-goals-2011/), [2012](/blog/next-year-more-goals/) and [2014](/blog/hello-2014/).

This year, I'm going to follow Leo Babauta's advice and work on [forming habits](http://zenhabits.net/amazing-2015/) instead of creating goals. I want to keep it simple – only two new habit-forming actions this year. One will be professional and one will be personal. First, let me talk a bit about how 2014 went.

## Last Year

I wanted to:

> Keep contributing to the WordPress Accessibility team. I’m excited about all the progress we’re making.

I did this, contributing my first [real patch toward the WordPress project](/blog/first-multi-file-wordpress-core-patch/), plus a handful more. I also tested the Admin area for accessibility and started reviewing themes that have the accessibility-ready tag.

> Release Accessible Alexandria and Accessible D.C. The world needs more accessible websites.

I failed here, but I ended up releasing two minor updates for Accessible Zen and contributing to [Twenty Fifteen](/blog/wordpress-dinah/), the new default theme for WordPress.

> Start writing a book on accessibility. I’ve always wanted to write a book.

I failed here too, but I did start writing an outline. Also, I [blogged for 34 straight days](/blog/blogging-34-straight-days/) in November, and I believe I have some seeds for a book to grow from.

In other news, I had a year I won't soon forget. My wife and I had our first child – a daughter named Skye. I also [landed a dream job](/blog/joining-automattic/) at [Automattic](http://automattic.com/), working on WordPress themes for WordPress.com.

## This Year

I have two goals that I want to form habits around. First, I want to make more progress on that book about accessibility. To do that, I have to keep writing. **So I want to average at least eight posts a month on my blog, with two of them being centered on accessibility in some way.** I believe I'll create some positive side effects with this too. So much of the Web and the conversation in accessibility centers on JavaScript, so I bet I can up my skills there.

Second, I want to lay the foundation for a new hobby. One that doesn't involve a computer screen. Thanks to a comment from a friend, I'm going to try cooking. Over the past six months, I've started making breakfast more for my family on weekends. I've made omelets mostly, so I want to try new recipes. **I'll aim to try one new recipe a month**. It can be any meal, but it will probably be breakfast, since that's my favorite meal of the day. 🙂

Other habits I'd like to keep going:

- Keep contributing to my two favorite open source projects: [WordPress](http://wordpress.org/) and [Underscores](http://underscores.me/).
- Pick back up regular exercise since faltering some after Skye was born.

Happy New Year and happy habit-making to you!

_Image courtesy of [Pexels.com](http://www.pexels.com/photo/3867/)_.
