---
title: "2017"
description: A few thoughts on the new year.
date: 2016-12-31T23:44:54+00:00
permalink: /blog/2017/
tags:
  - Goals
  - Personal
---

A new year starts tomorrow so I'm thinking about where I've been and what's ahead.

Like the last few years, I'm focusing on personal focuses rather than work ones. But this year has turned out amazing at work, getting [commit access for themes for WordPress](/blog/twenty-seventeen-in-trunk/) and helping [release Twenty Seventeen](/blog/dear-twenty-seventeen-contributors/). Plus, lots of work on [Components](https://themeshaper.com/2016/02/09/introducing-components/), a new project from the Automattic Theme Team.

## Last Year

I had three main goals last year:

**Schedule two hours a week of thinking time for myself**. I kept up with this for most of the year. According to [Habit List](http://habitlist.com), I completed both 95 percent of the time, on average. Usually, I thought through things after my morning coffee or before bed. The habit has made me more mindful of my reactions and my mistakes throughout the week, meaning I'm more apt to course correct when necessary.

**Listen more**. I don't think I made the type of progress I wanted to on this one. Some things helped here, like the month or so I spent without Facebook and Twitter on my phone or the general simplifying I've done in my life. But I think I could still be more present in conversations and life. It's subjective, but I'm trying to be honest with myself. Hopefully, the awareness leads to further incremental improvement.

**Make progress on a book about accessibility**. I didn't make progress here either. However, I did keep an accessibility newsletter going on and off throughout the year. I started that as a way to get writing more about the topic and it worked. I also received good feedback on the newsletter when it was active so I have a base to keep building on for the future.

## Next Year

I wouldn't call these resolutions or goals, but focuses. Because I don't want to make a giant goal that I struggle to break down into actionable steps as in the past. Instead, I want to focus on my personal passions and let them help lead me to a better place.

**Writing**: I've always loved writing, and I always feel more productive with my web development work when I write more. So I want to focus on it this year. That means returning more to my blog, where I wrote for 80-plus days in 2015. It also means relaunching [Accessibility Weekly](http://a11yweekly.com) and keeping it going strong with original writing and curation.

**Experiments**: I moved twice this year, so I naturally simplified my life, jettisoning a lot of needless stuff. I've started to embrace minimalism and productivity, looking for ways I can do more with less. In reading a few new blogs and listening to some new podcasts, I like the idea of doing small experiments in life to make yourself uncomfortable. Just last week, I kicked regular coffee. It's freeing to try something different to alter your perspective. In 2017, I want to try as many experiments as I can, especially a [30-day minimalist challenge](http://www.theminimalists.com/game/) and starting a bodyweight-only exercise program.

See you in the new year!

Previous years: [2016](/blog/2016/), [2015](/blog/2015/), [2014](/blog/hello-2014/), [2012](/blog/next-year-more-goals/), [2011](/blog/new-year-new-goals-2011/).
