---
title: Reading in 2020
description: What David A. Kennedy read in 2020.
---

A page detailing what I read in 2020. Any must-read recommendations will have a heart &hearts; next to them. That means I could see myself reading it again. Other books may be worth reading, but I may not get as much value out of rereads.

[A running list of my favorite books](/reading/favorites/).

[Back to the reading index](/reading/).

1. _The Shape of Design_ by Frank Chimero
2. &hearts; _Baptism of Fire_ by Andrzej Sapkowski
3. &hearts; _The Tower of the Swallow_ by Andrzej Sapkowski
4. &hearts; _Lady of the Lake_ by Andrzej Sapkowski
5. _Season of Storms_ by Andrzej Sapkowski
6. _Salt, Fat, Acid, Heat: Mastering the Elements of Good Cooking_ by Samin Nosrat
7. _The Art of Happiness_ by Dalai Lama XIV and Howard C. Cutler
8. _Moondust: In Search Of The Men Who Fell To Earth_ by Andrew Smith
9. &hearts; _Digital Minimalism: Choosing a Focused Life in a Noisy World_ by Cal Newport
10. _Inclusive Design for Organisations: Including your Missing 20% by Embedding Web and Mobile Accessibility_ by Jonathan Hassell
11. _Lead Yourself First: Inspiring Leadership Through Solitude_ by Raymond M. Kethledge and Michael S. Erwin
12. _How to Do Nothing: Resisting the Attention Economy_ by Jenny Odell
13. _Grant_ by Ron Chernow
14. _American Moonshot: John F. Kennedy and the Great Space Race_ by Douglas Brinkley
15. _Peak: Secrets from the New Science of Expertise_ by K. Anders Ericsson and Robert Pool
16. _How to Talk so Little Kids Will Listen: A Survival Guide to Life with Children Ages 2-7_ by Joanna Faber and Adele Faber
17. _Crossing the Unknown Sea: Work as a Pilgrimage of Identity_ by David Whyte
18. &hearts; _Silence: In the Age of Noise_ by Erling Kagge
19. _How the Internet Happened: From Netscape to the iPhone_ by Brian McCullough
20. _Permanent Record_ by Edward Snowden
21. _1776_ by David McCullough
22. _The Shallows: What the Internet Is Doing to Our Brains_ by Nicholas Carr
23. _Goodbye, Things: The New Japanese Minimalism_ by Fumio Sasaki
24. _The Fiery Trial: Abraham Lincoln and American Slavery_ by Eric Foner
25. _Good Services: How to Design Services that Work_ by Lou Downe
26. _The Little Book of Hygge: The Danish Way to Live Well_ by Meik Wiking
27. _In Praise of Slowness: Challenging the Cult of Speed_ by Carl Honoré
28. _The Fifth Season_ by N.K. Jemisin
