---
title: Reading in 2021
description: What David A. Kennedy read in 2021.
---

A page detailing what I read in 2021. Any must-read recommendations will have a heart &hearts; next to them. That means I could see myself reading it again. Other books may be worth reading, but I may not get as much value out of rereads.

[Back to the reading index](/reading/).

1. _Because Internet: Understanding the New Rules of Language_ by Gretchen McCulloch
2. _The Soul of America: The Battle for Our Better Angels_ by Jon Meacham
3. _The Obelisk Gate_ by N.K. Jemisin
4. _Ultralight: The Zen Habits Guide to Traveling Light & Living Light_ by Leo Babauta
5. _Agile Accessibility Handbook: A Practical Guide to Accessible Software Development At Scale_ by Dylan Barrell
6. _The Coaching Habit: Say Less, Ask More & Change the Way You Lead Forever_ by Michael Bungay Stanier
7. _Nudge: Improving Decisions About Health, Wealth, and Happiness_ by Richard H. Thaler and Cass R. Sunstein
8. _Steal Like an Artist: 10 Things Nobody Told You About Being Creative_ by Austin Kleon
9. _A World Without Email: Reimagining Work in an Age of Communication Overload_ by Cal Newport
10. _The Checklist Manifesto: How to Get Things Right_ by Atul Gawande
11. &hearts; _Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking_ by Susan Cain
12. _The Stone Sky_ by N.K. Jemisin
13. _Thinking in Bets: Making Smarter Decisions When You Don't Have All the Facts_ by Annie Duke
14. &hearts; _Midnight Rising: John Brown and the Raid That Sparked the Civil War_ by Tony Horwitz
15. _Benjamin Franklin: An American Life_ by Walter Isaacson
16. _Never Let Me Go_ by Kazuo Ishiguro
17. _Mismatch: How Inclusion Shapes Design_ by Kat Holmes
18. _Why Buddhism is True: The Science and Philosophy of Meditation and Enlightenment_ by Robert Wright
19. _North: Finding My Way While Running the Appalachian Trail_ by Scott Jurek and Jenny Jurek
20. _The Perfect Mile: Three Athletes, One Goal, and Less Than Four Minutes to Achieve It_ by Neal Bascomb
21. _Klara and the Sun_ by Kazuo Ishiguro
22. _The War of Art: Winning the Inner Creative Battle_ by Steven Pressfield
23. _Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies_ by Jared Diamond
24. _Make Your Bed: Little Things That Can Change Your Life...And Maybe the World_ by William H. McRaven
25. _Meditation for Fidgety Skeptics: A 10% Happier How-To Book_ by Dan Harris and Jeff Warren with Carlye Adler
26. _An Ugly Truth: Inside Facebook's Battle for Domination_ by Sheera Frenkel and Cecilia Kang
27. _First Principles: What America's Founders Learned from the Greeks and Romans and How That Shaped Our Country_ by Thomas E. Ricks
28. _Four Thousand Weeks: Time Management for Mortals_ by Oliver Burkeman
29. _How to Take Smart Notes: One Simple Technique to Boost Writing, Learning and Thinking – for Students, Academics and Nonfiction Book Writers_ by Sönke Ahrens
30. _The Pleasures of Reading in an Age of Distraction_ by Alan Jacobs
31. _Creative Selection: Inside Apple's Design Process During the Golden Age of Steve Jobs_ by Ken Kocienda
32. &hearts; _This Is How You Lose the Time War_ by Amal El-Mohtar and Max Gladstone
33. _The Hidden Life of Trees: What They Feel, How They Communicate – Discoveries from a Secret World_ by Peter Wohlleben
34. _The Manual: A Philosopher's Guide to Life_ by Epictetus
35. _Riot Baby_ by Tochi Onyebuchi
36. _Building Successful Communities of Practice: Discover How Connecting People Makes Better Organisations_ by Emily Webber
37. _Shop Class as Soulcraft: An Inquiry Into the Value of Work_ by Matthew B. Crawford
38. _Where the Deer and the Antelope Play: The Pastoral Observations of One Ignorant American Who Loves to Walk Outside_ by Nick Offerman
39. _Little Bets: How Breakthrough Ideas Emerge from Small Discoveries_ by Peter Sims
40. &hearts; _Exhalation_ by Ted Chiang
41. _The Appalachian Trail: A Biography_ by Philip D'Anieri
42. _Bored and Brilliant: How Spacing Out Can Unlock Your Most Productive & Creative Self_ by Manoush Zomorodi
