---
title: Number 34
description: A post on my birthday about the last year.
date: 2013-03-04T21:33:57+00:00
permalink: /blog/number-34/
tags:
  - Birthday
  - Personal
---

I turned 34 on Saturday.

That's kind of crazy. I don't feel any any older. I never do, but I do feel more balanced and focused. That's refreshing. Maybe that's what wisdom feels like?

I realized that I never wrote a New Year's post, something I've done each of the last [two](/blog/next-year-more-goals/) [years](/blog/new-year-new-goals-2011/). Today seemed like a good time to catch up on self reflection, plus I always enjoy reading [Matt Mullenweg's birthday posts](http://ma.tt/2013/01/twenty-nine/). So here goes…

## Code City

Professionally, I've never felt so excited about what's next than right now. I started the new year with a [new job](/blog/whats-next/). I'm writing more code, working on two WordPress themes (to be released soon), contributing to the [Make WordPress Accessible group](http://make.wordpress.org/accessibility/), and diving deeper into the accessibility community.

When I first jumped into the web field I was intimidated. It looked difficult to find a niche, a place where I could make a difference. After all, the web offers a lot of opportunities to make it better, but so many talented folks are already in those spaces doing amazing things. Where does someone new fit? It takes time as I discovered. Now, I feel like I finally found my fit in the WordPress and accessibility communities.

## Gutcheck Time!

What I loved most about running cross country and track in high school was the mental challenge and the camaraderie among my teammates. During tough interval workouts, I used to yell, "What time is it? **GUTCHECK** time!" It turned into a rallying cry for our team.

I tried to keep running after I graduated, but I never stuck with it because I missed the people. Last year I started CrossFit and have been doing it ever since.

I love how CrossFit pushes you and your body in every way possible. A few weeks ago I did my first rope climb. Plus, when your fighting your way through a workout, you always have someone over your shoulder with words of encouragement – like that rallying cry I use to yell. It's the new cross country and track for me.

### This Year

I want to build on my progress:

  * Release the two [accessible WordPress themes](/blog/what-do-you-need-in-an-accessible-wordpress-theme/) I'm working on.
  * Finish the three goals on the whiteboard at my gym: 1. Complete my first rope climb. (Done!) 2. Deadlift 225 lbs. 3. Perform my first double-under.
  * Write more on my blog.
  * Keep [reading more](/reading/).

That's it. I'm trying to simplify my goals more than in years past. See you in my mid-thirties.
