---
title: Jan. 20, 2017
description: Well…
date: 2017-02-01T23:49:50+00:00
permalink: /blog/jan-20-2017/
tags:
  - Personal
  - Politics
---

[So this happened](http://www.npr.org/2017/01/20/510746700/donald-trump-sworn-in-as-the-45th-president-of-the-united-states). Plus, a lot more since, of course.

I've gone through my own set of feelings after Donald Trump's election. Sadness. Anger. Fear. Apathy. But right now, I'm somewhere between resilience and hope.

Why, you ask? History tells me that we, as a country, have overcome many extraordinary challenges. Having electoral power shift from one end of the spectrum to the other from time to time can be a good thing. And I do believe that people possess more good in them than bad. Somewhere in there exists a path to find common ground.

I'm not going to lie, I have my reservations. Many of them. I don't believe anything Trump says. He hasn't given me a reason to do so. His rhetoric carries much hate and falsities. His actions back this up. I want my daughter to grow up in a world where climate change is real and addressed. Where basic healthcare is a right. Where people look at her for her ideas and contributions, not her body. Where, no matter her sexual orientation, she's treated with dignity and respect. He doesn't support any of those values.

All that said, I realize that being white and a man, I'm not in real danger of losing any of my own rights. All the more reason for me do more of what needs to be done in a world where Trump commands the highest office in the land. Engage with people. Listen to them. Take action. Show empathy.

That last piece may be the most important. I believe it's what many Americans have forgotten. Regardless of your political leanings, showing empathy matters. Its nature requires displaying respect for others and acknowledging differences. Those differences give our democracy strength. The thing that fuels my resilience and hope hasn't changed because of the election. I still want to help accomplish the same ideals for all of us. Now, I just need to be more vigilant and work harder to help get there.
