---
title: "2018"
description: Focusing on less.
date: 2017-12-31T22:55:47+00:00
permalink: /blog/2018/
tags:
  - Goals
  - Personal
---

A new year starts tomorrow, so I'm going to keep up my tradition and set a few goals for the days and weeks ahead.

This year, I want to be all about focus. I recently read a post from Nathan Kontny [about focusing](https://m.signalvnoise.com/how-do-you-focus-cbc3d6d78463), and its message was clear to me: set one priority, not many. The simplicity of the "one thing" resonated more when I discovered the [Ivy Lee method for productivity](https://jamesclear.com/ivy-lee), which boils down to doing the most important thing first each day. So these two approaches will drive my goals this year, both personally and professionally.

## Last Year

In 2017, I wanted to:

**Write more**: I set out to write more, both on my blog and in my newsletter, Accessibility Weekly. I accomplished that goal with the newsletter, sending out 45 issues during 2017. I also wrote 31 blog posts, with a handful of those being photo posts. Even though I didn't blog often, keeping up with Accessibility Weekly on a regular basis was an important goal, and one I'm proud to make.

**Run personal/productivity experiments**: I ended up doing a few of these. The main one ended up being completing bodyweight exercises for about eight months. I fell off this goal the last quarter of the year, but I still managed to make a lot of progress. Recently, I also uninstalled Facebook from my phone, creating extra time for hobbies like reading and more fun stuff like playing with my daughter.

## This Year

This year, I'm setting one professional and one personal priority. Everything else will stem from there.

**Professional**: The priority for this year: Be a better leader. I recently became the lead of the Theme Team at Automattic. So this year, I want to focus on  activities and goals to help me be a better leader for my team. That means some leadership coaching, leadership training and more.

**Personal**: The priority for this year: Read more. Ditching most of social media on my phone has helped me find more time to read in the last month or so. I want to continue that. I read nine books in 2017, so if I can get to 12 this year, I'll be happy.

Happy New Year!

Previous years: [2017](/blog/2017/), [2016](/blog/2016/), [2015](/blog/2015/), [2014](/blog/hello-2014/), [2012](/blog/next-year-more-goals/), [2011](/blog/new-year-new-goals-2011/).
